BittrexAPI, when finished, will be able to make use of all API features of the Bittrex exchange, the first of its kind written in Livecode. This application will be released free of charge, but will not include the automation features planned for a later stage of the project. Feel free to fork it and make your own changes and improvements (and please submit pull requests!), and if you have any feature suggestions, please email me at fedaykinofdune@gmail.com. 

At this stage it is not usable for anything meaningful except for reference. The core features, such as parsing all the markets, building trade pairs and forming API query URLs (both with and without API-keys) are still being worked out so there's still a mess of text fields everywhere and no documentation. Once it gets nearer to completion, I will try to organize it as sanely as possible and add some code commentary.

Changelog:
7/7/14 - Not the first iteration, but lots of meaningful changes tonight. Market data parsing is done in memory now and is VERY fast. What it does is pulls the entire market from the API, checks if that was successful or not. If unsuccessful, throw an error: check your connection or if bittrex is down. Otherwise, throws the entire output into global variable "getmarkets". From there, we start using "itemdelimiters" which can be set to any ascii character, we strip off the front part which consists of some data telling you if the api call is successful, what api function you called, etc. That gets thrown into a temp variable, then stuffed right back into the global we were using. What we're left with is just a giant string consisting of all the various coin markets, which once that front bit was stripped in the next step is very easy to uniformly break down into individual "items", this step (and and the rest of them as well) goes into a repeat loop, stopping when it runs out of stuff to "itemize" line by line, simply enough by checking for the word "Currency" in each cycle (each repeat cycle you have to delete the front character of the top string which gets left behind each time you strip an "item" and deliver it to the next step). Each iteration thereafter further strips the data down until you're left with nothing but each individual coin's designation, e.g. BTC, LTC, etc. Bittrex only has 2 main pairings, BTC-xxx and LTC-xxx, so after that it goes into another repeat loop to build pairs out of all the coins, BTC-LTC, BTC-DOGE, and so forth, and the same with LTC. Also, there's a check in there to prevent a pairing of BTC-BTC and LTC-LTC. These are sorted into columns to the right on card 2. You can click each pairing and get the ticker and order data on them. There's still some cleanup work that needs done, as the columns have empty lines at the bottom that are unhandled, and right now, since it just does dumb coin pairing, it pairs coins that cannot actually be paired on Bittrex. So, next up I'll try to figure out the best way to "check" each coin pair for validity (the API does provide for this, you can click a pair and it'll return "success" or "fail" as the first item of each api call), but that's well over 400 individual pairs to check so that may be slow. That's it for this update, other than some other minor tweaks. No graphical changes yet. Stay tuned!